README.md, before:

<div align="center">

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyu08/fzf-make/main/static/logo.png" />

`fzf-make` is a command line tool that executes commands using fuzzy finder with preview window. Currently supporting [**make**](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/), [**pnpm**](https://github.com/pnpm/pnpm), [**yarn**](https://github.com/yarnpkg/berry), [**just**](https://github.com/casey/just).

![License:MIT](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=License&message=MIT&color=blue&style=flat-square)
[![Latest Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/kyu08/fzf-make?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/kyu08/fzf-make/releases/latest)
[![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/fzf-make?style=flatflat-square)](https://crates.io/crates/fzf-make)
[![Crates.io Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/crates/d/fzf-make)](https://crates.io/crates/fzf-make)

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyu08/fzf-make/main/static/demo.gif" />

</div>

# 🛠️ Features
- Select and execute a make target or (pnpm | yarn) scripts or just recipe using fuzzy-finder with a preview window by running `fzf-make`!
- Execute the last executed command(By running `fzf-make --repeat`.)
- Command history
- Support [**make**](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/), [**pnpm**](https://github.com/pnpm/pnpm), [**yarn**](https://github.com/yarnpkg/berry), [**just**](https://github.com/casey/just). **Scheduled to be developed: npm.** 
- [make] Support `include` directive
- [pnpm] Support workspace(collect scripts all of `package.json` in the directory where fzf-make is launched.)
- [yarn] Support workspace(collect all scripts which is defined in `workspaces` field in root `package.json`.)
- [just] Support execution inside of directory of justfile.
- **(Scheduled to be developed)** Support config file

# 📦 Installation
## macOS
### Homebrew
```sh
# install
brew install fzf-make
```

```sh
# update 
brew upgrade fzf-make
```

## Arch Linux

`fzf-make` can be installed from the [AUR](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/fzf-make) using an [AUR helper](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/AUR_helpers). For example:

```sh
paru -S fzf-make
```

## NixOS / Nix (package manager)
`fzf-make` can be run from the repository (latest version)
```sh
nix run github:kyu08/fzf-make
```

Or from the nixpkgs (channel >= 23.05)
```sh
nix run nixpkgs#fzf-make
```

> **Note**
> You may need to enable experimental feature. In that case, execute the following command to enable them
> `echo "experimental-features = nix-command flakes" | tee  ~/.config/nix/nix.conf`

## OS-independent method
### Cargo
```sh
cargo install --locked fzf-make
# Or build from HEAD
cargo install  --git  https://github.com/kyu08/fzf-make/
```

# 💡 Usage
## Run target using fuzzy finder
1. Execute `fzf-make` in the directory you want to run make target, or (pnpm | yarn) scripts or just recipe.
1. Select command you want to execute. If you type some characters, the list will be filtered.
    <img width="752" alt="demo" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyu08/fzf-make/main/static/usage-main.png"> 
    <img width="752" alt="demo" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyu08/fzf-make/main/static/usage-type-characters.png"> 

## Run target from history
1. Execute `fzf-make` in the directory you want to run make target, or (pnpm | yarn) scripts or just recipe.(For just, we support execution inside of directory of justfile.)
1. Press `Tab` to move to the history pane.
1. Select command you want to execute.
    <img width="752" alt="demo" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyu08/fzf-make/main/static/usage-history.png"> 

## How fzf-make judges which command runner can be used
### make
Whether makefile(file name should be one of `GNUmakefile`, `makefile`, `Makefile`) is in the current directory.

### pnpm
Whether `package.json` and `pnpm-lock.yaml` are in the current directory.

### yarn
Whether `package.json` and `yarn.lock` are in the current directory.

### just
Whether `justfile` or `.justfile` are in the current directory or ancestor directories. If the lower cased file name matches `justfile` or `.justfile`, it is treat as a justfile. (e.g. `justFile` or `.JustFile` are also valid.)

## Commands Supported
| Command                                                   | Description                                   |
| --------                                                  | --------                                      |
| `fzf-make`                                                | Launch fzf-make                               |
| `fzf-make --repeat` / `fzf-make -r` / `fzf-make repeat`   | Execute last executed target                  |
| `fzf-make --history` / `fzf-make -h` / `fzf-make history` | Launch fzf-make with the history pane focused |
| `fzf-make --help` / `fzf-make help`                       | Show help                                     |
| `fzf-make --version` / `fzf-make -v` / `fzf-make version` | Show version                                  |

## Example Aliases
To simplify the usage of `fzf-make`, you can define aliases in your shell configuration. Below is an example configuration that works for most shells (bash, zsh, fish, etc.):

```sh
alias fm='fzf-make'
alias fr='fzf-make repeat'
alias fh='fzf-make history'
```

# 💻 Development
1. Clone this repository
1. Change the codes
1. Run `make run`

To execute test, run `make test`(needs `nextest`).

## nix
Or you can use `nix` to create a development shell with the project dependencies.

Within the repo root, execute the following command:
```nix
nix develop
```

# 👥 Contribution
- Contributions are welcome!
- If you have a Feature request, please create an issue first.
- If you have added fzf-make to some package manager, please let me know. (or please send a PR to add how to install via the package manager in the `README.md`)
- If you have any questions, feel free to create an issue and ask.

# 🗒 Related Article(s)
- [fzf-make - A command runner with fuzzy finder and preview window for make, pnpm - reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/commandline/comments/1h7btkl/fzfmake_a_command_runner_with_fuzzy_finder_and/)
- [Show HN: fzf-make – a command runner with a fuzzy finder for make, pnpm and yarn - Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=42357587)
- (Japanese)[[make,pnpm,yarnに対応]タスクランナーのコマンドをfuzzy finder形式で選択できるCLIツール fzf-makeの紹介](https://zenn.dev/kyu08/articles/974fd8bc25c303)
- (Japanese)[Makefileに定義されたtargetをfzfで選択して実行するCLIツールをRustでつくった](https://blog.kyu08.com/posts/fzf-make)

Commit message:

feat(command): support passing additional arguments to the command (#447)

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyu08/fzf-make/main/static/logo.png" />

`fzf-make` is a command line tool that executes commands using fuzzy finder with preview window. Currently supporting [**make**](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/), [**pnpm**](https://github.com/pnpm/pnpm), [**yarn**](https://github.com/yarnpkg/berry), [**just**](https://github.com/casey/just).

![License:MIT](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=License&message=MIT&color=blue&style=flat-square)
[![Latest Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/kyu08/fzf-make?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/kyu08/fzf-make/releases/latest)
[![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/fzf-make?style=flatflat-square)](https://crates.io/crates/fzf-make)
[![Crates.io Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/crates/d/fzf-make)](https://crates.io/crates/fzf-make)

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyu08/fzf-make/main/static/demo.gif" />

</div>

# 🛠️ Features
- Select and execute a make target or (pnpm | yarn) scripts or just recipe using fuzzy-finder with a preview window by running `fzf-make`!
- Execute the last executed command(By running `fzf-make --repeat`.)
- Command history
- Support [**make**](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/), [**pnpm**](https://github.com/pnpm/pnpm), [**yarn**](https://github.com/yarnpkg/berry), [**just**](https://github.com/casey/just). **Scheduled to be developed: npm.** 
- Support passing additional arguments to the command using popup window. The UI looks like: https://github.com/kyu08/fzf-make/pull/447
- [make] Support `include` directive
- [pnpm] Support workspace(collect scripts all of `package.json` in the directory where fzf-make is launched.)
- [yarn] Support workspace(collect all scripts which is defined in `workspaces` field in root `package.json`.)
- [just] Support execution inside of directory of justfile.
- **(Scheduled to be developed)** Support config file

# 📦 Installation
## macOS
### Homebrew
```sh
# install
brew install fzf-make
```

```sh
# update 
brew upgrade fzf-make
```

## Arch Linux

`fzf-make` can be installed from the [AUR](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/fzf-make) using an [AUR helper](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/AUR_helpers). For example:

```sh
paru -S fzf-make
```

## NixOS / Nix (package manager)
`fzf-make` can be run from the repository (latest version)
```sh
nix run github:kyu08/fzf-make
```

Or from the nixpkgs (channel >= 23.05)
```sh
nix run nixpkgs#fzf-make
```

> **Note**
> You may need to enable experimental feature. In that case, execute the following command to enable them
> `echo "experimental-features = nix-command flakes" | tee  ~/.config/nix/nix.conf`

## OS-independent method
### Cargo
```sh
cargo install --locked fzf-make
# Or build from HEAD
cargo install  --git  https://github.com/kyu08/fzf-make/
```

# 💡 Usage
## Run target using fuzzy finder
1. Execute `fzf-make` in the directory you want to run make target, or (pnpm | yarn) scripts or just recipe.
1. Select command you want to execute. If you type some characters, the list will be filtered.
    <img width="752" alt="demo" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyu08/fzf-make/main/static/usage-main.png"> 
    <img width="752" alt="demo" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyu08/fzf-make/main/static/usage-type-characters.png"> 

## Run target from history
1. Execute `fzf-make` in the directory you want to run make target, or (pnpm | yarn) scripts or just recipe.(For just, we support execution inside of directory of justfile.)
1. Press `Tab` to move to the history pane.
1. Select command you want to execute.
    <img width="752" alt="demo" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyu08/fzf-make/main/static/usage-history.png"> 

## How fzf-make judges which command runner can be used
### make
Whether makefile(file name should be one of `GNUmakefile`, `makefile`, `Makefile`) is in the current directory.

### pnpm
Whether `package.json` and `pnpm-lock.yaml` are in the current directory.

### yarn
Whether `package.json` and `yarn.lock` are in the current directory.

### just
Whether `justfile` or `.justfile` are in the current directory or ancestor directories. If the lower cased file name matches `justfile` or `.justfile`, it is treat as a justfile. (e.g. `justFile` or `.JustFile` are also valid.)

## Commands Supported
| Command                                                   | Description                                   |
| --------                                                  | --------                                      |
| `fzf-make`                                                | Launch fzf-make                               |
| `fzf-make --repeat` / `fzf-make -r` / `fzf-make repeat`   | Execute last executed target                  |
| `fzf-make --history` / `fzf-make -h` / `fzf-make history` | Launch fzf-make with the history pane focused |
| `fzf-make --help` / `fzf-make help`                       | Show help                                     |
| `fzf-make --version` / `fzf-make -v` / `fzf-make version` | Show version                                  |

## Example Aliases
To simplify the usage of `fzf-make`, you can define aliases in your shell configuration. Below is an example configuration that works for most shells (bash, zsh, fish, etc.):

```sh
alias fm='fzf-make'
alias fr='fzf-make repeat'
alias fh='fzf-make history'
```

# 💻 Development
1. Clone this repository
1. Change the codes
1. Run `make run`

To execute test, run `make test`(needs `nextest`).

## nix
Or you can use `nix` to create a development shell with the project dependencies.

Within the repo root, execute the following command:
```nix
nix develop
```

# 👥 Contribution
- Contributions are welcome!
- If you have a Feature request, please create an issue first.
- If you have added fzf-make to some package manager, please let me know. (or please send a PR to add how to install via the package manager in the `README.md`)
- If you have any questions, feel free to create an issue and ask.

# 🗒 Related Article(s)
- [fzf-make - A command runner with fuzzy finder and preview window for make, pnpm - reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/commandline/comments/1h7btkl/fzfmake_a_command_runner_with_fuzzy_finder_and/)
- [Show HN: fzf-make – a command runner with a fuzzy finder for make, pnpm and yarn - Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=42357587)
- (Japanese)[[make,pnpm,yarnに対応]タスクランナーのコマンドをfuzzy finder形式で選択できるCLIツール fzf-makeの紹介](https://zenn.dev/kyu08/articles/974fd8bc25c303)
- (Japanese)[Makefileに定義されたtargetをfzfで選択して実行するCLIツールをRustでつくった](https://blog.kyu08.com/posts/fzf-make)
